Add type to session nodes (#3309)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

- Power users and developers can now build links to efficiently open mainframe resources in Zowe Explorer. Use the **Copy External Link** option in the context menu to get the URL for a data set or USS resource, or create a link in the format `vscode://Zowe.vscode-extension-for-zowe?<ZoweResourceUri>`. For more information on building resource URIs, see the [FileSystemProvider wiki article](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/wiki/FileSystemProvider#file-paths-vs-uris). [#3271](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3271)
- Implemented more user-friendly error messages for API or network errors within Zowe Explorer. [#3243](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3243)
- Use the "Troubleshoot" option for certain errors to obtain additional context, tips, and resources for how to resolve the errors. [#3243](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3243)

> - The type of a zowe profile is now encoded in the contextValue of a zowe
> tree node.  This allows zowe extenders to add context menu actions to a 
> top level node(ie. ds, uss, or jobs) that is only visible for a particular
> node type.(ie. rse, zosmf, tso, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allowed extenders to add context menu actions to a top level node, i.e. data sets, USS, Jobs, by encoding the profile type in the context value. [#3309](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3309)
```
